Clarify sentence (#214)
publiccodenet/about: activities/member-relations/expression-of-interest.md

## Assumptions
* This lightweight/low commitment Expression of Interest can be signed while we work with potential Founding Members on the Founding Membership Proposal
* This resource is a link to a google doc for now, but might change format soon

> * Any proposed changes to the content of this template must first be proposed and merged with master branch of 'About' before being implemented here 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any proposed changes to the content of this template must first be proposed and merged with [the `master` branch of About](https://github.com/publiccodenet/about/tree/master) before being implemented here 
```
